Nodemailer is a module for Node.js applications to allow easy as cake email sending. The project got started back in 2010 when there was no sane option to send email messages, today it is the solution most Node.js users turn to by default.

Nodemailer is licensed under MIT license. See license details in the License page. If you are upgrading from Nodemailer v2 or older, then see the light migration guide here.

npm install nodemailer --save

Nodemailer features

A single module with zero dependencies – code is easily auditable, as there are no dark corners
Heavy focus on security, no-one likes RCE vulnerabilities
Unicode support to use any characters, including emoji 💪
Windows support – you can install it with npm on Windows just like any other module, there are no compiled dependencies. Use it hassle free from Azure or from your Windows box
Use HTML content, as well as plain text alternative
Add Attachments to messages
Embedded image attachments for HTML content – your design does not get blocked
Secure email delivery using TLS/STARTTLS
Different transport methods in addition to the built-in SMTP support
Sign messages with DKIM
Custom Plugin support for manipulating messages
Sane OAuth2 authentication
Proxies for SMTP connections
ES6 code – no more unintentional memory leaks, due to hoisted var’s
Autogenerated email test accounts from Ethereal.email

Requirements

Node.js v6+. That’s it.
If you are able to run Node.js version 6 or newer, then you can use Nodemailer. There are no platform or resource specific requirements.
